# ProductShop
# ProductShop  A crud project with MERN stack, it was huge chance of knowledge, and a chance to put many pieces of outher projects that i learned from courses and videos from yt. For the frontEnd i used react, i had to learn routing since we have 2 pages, one to show the products and other to add them, luky now that the project is organized we can add more routs like to update etc. In the client/src we have  our we have the app.js that just has the routes and imports the products and addProducts  (i used classes but can change it to hooks useState later).  In the products file i separated the header from the products and a search-box, this search-box uses onChange event to filter the product list and find the product the user whants. And we use reusable components for the products, we get the list of products from the server (the connection to the server is also in a separet file called request.js) and we map the products so we can show them. Each product has a checkbox and we can delete many products at once, this was one of the biggest challanges in the project, since i have not done this before. so i stored the data every time the checkbox is clicked and onsubmit we find the SKU of the project that is marked checked as true and send it to the server so we can delete it.  for the Add page the hardest was sending data of the new inputs that show up depending on the droplist choice, i changed from mysql to mongoose since this solved the problem.  For the server we are using http with express as listener and it is organized, with a file model  with the product model and product.mongo model here we have the db functions. in the routes we have the controller with the function that goes in the route and the routes them selfes.  we have 3 routes one to get products, to add and delete each with there httpfunction this function is in the controller file where we get function from the model to modify our database  also it is used a .env file to save data from db.
